---
$title@: page 102
toc: true
$order: 2
---

## toc: true

#### *How should URIs be assigned to a group of resources that form a natural hierarchy?*

### links

Here is my [Homepage][MichaelCurrin home] example 1

[Here][MichaelCurrin home] is my example 2

Here is my [Homepage][1] with a numbered reference.

### g.doc #1

<div class="ap-m-biggy-aside">
  {% do doc.styles.addCssFile('css/components/molecules/code-snippet.css') %}
  {% set code_snippet = g.doc('/shared/data/hello-world.html').content %}
  {% set markdown = doc.pod.markdown %}
  {{ markdown.convert('```html\n' + code_snippet + '\n```')|safe }}
</div>

### g.doc #2

<div class="ap-m-biggy-aside">
{% set markdown_content = g.doc('/content/amp-dev/documentation/tutorial-p/999/file.md').content %}
{{ markdown_content | safe }}


### g.doc #3

<div class="ap-m-biggy-aside">
  {% do doc.styles.addCssFile('css/components/molecules/code-snippet.css') %}
  {% set code_snippet = g.doc('/shared/data/json-ld.html').content %}
  {% set markdown = doc.pod.markdown %}
  {{ markdown.convert('```html\n' + code_snippet + '\n```')|safe }}
</div>


### blockquote and emoji 1

> ⚠️ **Warning:** Immerse readers in visual and tappable stories they can share anywhere on the open web.
>
> 📝 **Note:** Convey facts and figures via bite-sized chunks of one or two sentences – ideal for mobile devices. Choose from different font colors for basic readability. Or add visual elements like subtle black transparent gradient overlays to ensure readability even on random background imagery, for example user generated content. On top of this, you can use short audio files on every page to provide spoken information or background music.
>
> 💡 <span style="font-family: Fira Mono, monospace; background-color: #dadada; font-weight: 500; font-size: 1.2em; line-height: 2.2em;">**Tip:** Remember to appreciate the little things in life.</span>


### tables

<table>
  <tr>
   <td colspan="3" style="border: 1px solid;">Text spanning three columns
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Single Story</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Web story player</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>A richer user experience</strong>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Swipe down to exit the Story and return to your site
   </td>
   <td>❌
   </td>
   <td>✅
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### inline markup

I need to highlight these <mark>very important words</mark>.

I need to highlight these ``very important words``.

<pre>
I need to highlight these very important words.
</pre>

### horizontal rule

***

### testing comments using triple dash (success)

<!---
your comment goes here
and here
--->

### reference links (not visible!)

[MichaelCurrin home]: https://michaelcurrin.github.io/

[1]: https://michaelcurrin.github.io/

[Homepage]: https://michaelcurrin.github.io/

