---
$title@: 'Classes'
description@: ''
toc: false
$order: 5
---

### Section 3.1.3

OWL classes are sets that contain individuals.
They are described using formal (mathematical) descriptions that rigorously define the requirements for membership of the class.
For example, the class Cat would contain all the individuals that are cats in our domain of interest. <i>[2]</i>
Classes may be organized into a superclass-subclass hierarchy, which is also known as a taxonomy.
However, taxonomies are often trees, i.e., each node has only one parent node.
Class hierarchies in OWL are not restricted to be trees and multiple inheritance can be a powerful tool to represent data in an intuitive manner.

Subclasses specialize (aka are subsumed by) their superclasses.
For example, consider the classes Animal and Dog – Dog might be a subclass of Animal (so Animal is the superclass of Dog).
This says that All dogs are animals, All members of the class Dog are members of the class Animal.
OWL and Protégé provide a language that is called Description Logic.
One of the key features of Description Logic is that these superclass-subclass relationships (aka subsumption relationships) can be computed automatically by a reasoner – more on this later.
Figure 3.3 shows a representation of some classes containing individuals – classes are represented as ovals, like sets in Venn diagrams.

In OWL classes can be built up of descriptions that specify the conditions that must be satisfied by an individual for it to be a member of the class.
How to formulate these descriptions will be explained as the tutorial progresses.

<hr>

<i>[2]</i> Individuals can belong to more than one class and classes can have more than one superclass.
Unlike Object-Oriented Programming where multiple inheritance is typically unavailable or discouraged it is common in OWL.
